was good there's a boy DJ with
his cut this I don't got my highest rate
everything good and then full six and a
half pain at the dose that's nice
no screenings yet painting my - got to
put the wood grain pieces back in
painting mighty top couples same color
the seat yeah a little flashing got my
back's painted yeah it's kind of missing
cuz I'm still messing with it we got
full days before Easter I got a work
three of those days so I got to get my
stuff done the night top done oh yes
indeedy
don't think I ain't got no seats yeah
oh and unlike everybody else let me show
you something let me get on the other
side
oh yeah hot motor you see it everybody
going rounds for eat so I'm going
factors but yeah like I was saying
everybody want these bucket seats you
got to get the ones that were fine baby
see that oh yeah you got to get the ones
that were plying can't get them cheatin
now I'm doing that oh yeah lecture right
there see the t-tops
see the top y'all they don't think they
really t-tops there you go there you go
best believe they finna be off on Easter
it been that right cuz I'm standing
that's good
what's next this right here is a month
look I'm trying to put a 60-inch box you
know cut this don't worry it's gonna get
done because they just dropped in there
yeah you see that you have to go and get
my crown cut all that oh go to the other
side can't see it but just cut up in
there too there you go
and guess what ain't leaking no water
already tested it up so let's get it
all right I'm singing you up for another
update in a sec might be you look demo
wish you sleep a car you got piling and
dust on don't worry about it
but it's super wet you see the witness
right now it's nighttime we got one
light right here one light right there
one light right there half one right
there you see it still with DJ audio
there's me you want something done hit
your ball up three one eight two three
five seven seven three two all this
thing to be done and clean but there's
my own personal vehicle so you gonna see
something happening on this a high let
your boy